That is.
The most important function of a cell phone is to make calls
What's the use of a phone screen that big?
bells and whistles
I just think the screen looks good.
It might break with a touch.
You are clearly looking for trouble on purpose
Mengxue, what I said is true.
Shouldn't this phone be sturdy and hard to use?
You can't supply it when you buy it back, right?
This is also very true.
Exactly. It should be.
everyone
As a practitioner in the mobile phone industry
I hope that everyone's eyes
You can put it in the long run.
In fact, mobile phones are not just for making calls
In the future
Its functional properties can be more extensive
In a more diverse setting
He could be the end point of intelligence
He can not only make phone calls but also listen to music
Watch movies and trade stocks
It can even be your wallet
Hey stop stop stop stop
Tell me what's strong about your mobile phone.
Durable Not Durable
Can you smash walnuts?
What is a walnut?
come
power drill
On the drill
electric drill
come
Qingfeng, you don't want to use an electric drill to drill your phone, do you?
Breeze Fox can't take it at all
Stop it
Dad is so ugly, take this kid crazy
I haven't seen it yet.
Which kind of glass can withstand an electric drill?
I'd like to see how finished his phone is
Then open your eyes
So here we are.